# wordle
(2-27-22)
  I've always been a bit behind the times, and wordle is no different for me. Everyone in my school is playing in classes and driving our teachers mad, I also have 6 friends who like to send me their scores on a regular basis (almost every day). After trying wordle for the first time today on the times post website, I was enthralled. Sadly, most websites only give you 1-3 games before you have to pay for a subscription or come back the next day. In addition, the only website I found advertising unlimited free Wordle games, has a terrible hints system in my opinion; sure I could find another website or simply not use the hints, but that would be too easy a solution, so here we are. I'm gonna code my own version of Wordle.

  So far, I'm aiming for a 1040 long word list, but that will actually only end up around 1000 words I reckon (mostly because I don't want to torture anyone with 40 words each of x, y, or z (even though there's only a bit more than a %11.5% chance of getting a word that starts with any of those if I do the full 1040 word list)). I'm using the imports turtle and random, turtle will provide the graphic elements of my game while random helps chose random words for your playing enjoyment (I'm also planning to keep the previous word as a var so you can end up with the same word two tries in a row, even though that's only a %0.00096153846% chance, which is very low (tbh I probably shouldn't spend my time on it, but I wouldn't put it past someont to not play 1000-1040 rounds of this addicting game).
